# So what's all this then?

Various notes taken for my personal use whilst learning stuff.
The reasons for this repo are two-fold:

1. To have a go-to reference, if only for 'Further reading'
   links.

1. I have found it to be a viable metric of whether or not I
   have a working knowledge of an area is when I try to explain
   it to someone (even though in this case this is likely to be
   me, alone :) ...). Thus, it is as much for myself as it is
   for you (if anyone).

As I do not believe in closed education, these are left open
for everyone to read. If you do find any errors, please point
them out in issues/make a pull request.

If anything in here helps, cheers -- you'll best thank me by
helping the [GNU](gnu.org)/[FSF](fsf.org) cause, since **free
software** is ultimately what made this possible.

## Organization

This repo comes w/ no strict organization and I might rebase/
merge branches occasionaly.

Some things that I will observe:

1. Different topics tracked in separate branches. Branches can
   be understood as separate projects.
   Imagine a `qube` (cf. [QubesOS](qubes-os.org)) per branch,
   with each branch in a separate `qube`.

1. Changes pushed irregularly, I will observe no redaction
   rules. That said, I might occasionaly rebase to get rid of
   irrelevant git history (typos etc.).

1. A short verbatim autogenerated table of contents kept in this
   file.
   
1. Each branch to have a signed `DIGESTS` file.

1. Any comments of a personal nature go into the `p_log` branch.
   These will likely not contain anything of major interest to
   you and feel free to `git -d plog` :-) ... and I am not quite
   sold on the idea of incorporating those just yet.
